r Well, almonds for money, right,
liberal tp files, all you need is this.
What do you do
in this case?
r Well, I also asked what it was,
so I did
not know almonds, snakes, and snakes did not know
makeup, but I still accepted that it was very easy for me to
grow up not knowing makeup very well.
So it was a little
good to prove that
I was better than I told you, and it didn't
get easier.
Yes, I also have a toner cream.
Yes, because it's a bit masky, so there are
too many people who don't use that cushion, you know.
Then, if you apply it comfortably, it really lightly
tone-ups, so this
is a pink color, so it
really brightens up. And this is just a cushion.  In the
form of a form, but he's
so
straight-forward in business, so when he did that,
he had to be good at work.  You
have to put a little bit of strength in your mouth and mouth to
carry it around. As for the cushions, you have to look in the mirror, so everyone else is going
crazy.
The content is important, but
just the item is important. There is one point.
Ah ah ah, there is a
possibility after doing this.
But I can do it with cheeks like this, I
can do shadows, I
can draw eyebrows, and I have an all-in-one
item that adds a nose.  I really like this one.
Think about eyebrows and needs with this one. Well, this is a nose,
this is a shadow, and you can use it all by
bringing just one file model.
I recommend it and I
'm living now because I wear a silver mask, so
there are a lot of cases where we don't wear a full face like we did
before the attack, so it's
so pretty now even when applied bare
-faced.  The feeling
is because when I was young, when I applied cold things to my body, I
had the feeling of skin,
lips, and twins. Is
that
so?  If you
apply shadow on top,
I think the time has come for shadow color 2. 4 Yes, you're so good. Yes,
I'm using this a lot these days.  You
may not be able to see it well because it is only from the back, but I highly recommend it as an aegyo skin item with this,
and it
came out as Eddie Dr. Mascara Fixer Mouth Black Black Mascara, which I have been using these days, but it does not add weight.
This is a mascara that applies very transparently.  It
's a feeling It's fixed very well
because if you wear a mask, it'll
come down by hand. This is a
fixer that comes out as you go up to the top of Duke Stam, so it's
very fixed, so I
recommend it if you don't have a hard time bowing.  It's the best.  There are
not many concerns about the powder falling off, so the
rating is very good, and
if you want to recommend this eyebrow 2 minutes 4 5 times, it
's a lot these days that it comes out in a slim type like this.
Those who are really cool come out with slim saliva.
There are a lot of people who draw a little bit of it or draw the tip of the 2 eyebrows in a dull way. But that's actually us,
so even experts take out the show at once, and
even if this is not removed,
there are cases where concealer or something like this is slightly shaped,
so it's a slim type like this.  If there's anything out there, I'm sure I
got it a little more comfortably, so
check this again.  It
doesn't clump when applied and it's a
very jelly type, so even if you just apply it on top of the base, the beige color doesn't come out well, and it
gives a slightly soft finish.
I don't know, so I use a lot now, and I
know more, but it's Mac's prime, but
like that bs, the line can be cheap, so
it's good before the match in the chemistry preliminaries stage, but I'd rather open it up.  I'm
using one of these, but
it's okay. I'm so toned, so I
need to get rid of the spf and tony. Then when I'm in a hurry, those 8 free ones are beautiful.
I put it on, but the condition is that
if there are people who are not good at ground, I
think it would be good for daily use or, in lightly speaking, 1 Toms power.  What I coveted is
not a story, but I'll
tell you to try a patent publisher.
You're so pretty.
4 Shadow Sean does not do what
Hear Sam did with a slightly normative tone tester
risky kick and exactly if slightly like
this I chose the lovely eyes of the um type
normal import goral No. 3 cam vaginal housewife at
all fate I picked No. 5 vintage
eyes this wg several foreign countries  In the case of the same case, it’s
okay to do something a little bit, it’s okay for me to
pass steam, but it’s long, but someone’s anal
work is a tone that
sells a ton because it’s a tube that I can have, so
I can easily get active.  Even if the
heat here is strong, even if it’s the
same company, you can’t let go and change it.
When I can't do it, I'm really scared, I'm
really scared, and I'm hot.  I
can use it, so I don't
know many things, and I
don't know how to do it. I'm lazy at one time, like I'm shooting
shadows.  There are
people who have finished eating this ginjji like this
Korean me 2 is important let's do this well that
feeling well
and now this is really no
use but it's so delicious that you can't
play a role.  It was
all in this one, and that cutter
ring is diverse, so 20 tea in one of these, the
elders and me, and fate. Shadow dog.  It
's a little weak when not flying, it's late, and when it's possible, it's
very
much recommended and put as a tent that can be used by any sister regardless of what kind of hi
normal.  's
favorite John Keating Da La Ma staring at
me Map Color Now
when someone's eyes are different Pearls are pretty. What do you mean?
For a little more weight on the hand, the total papyeong side of the
pearl side of it Vote another 2 years m I
want to shine a little
more Ah, it's just that it's
easy to get closer to
aegyo.
I
can't really do makeup, then I'll
call you a liqua zombie like
this.
There aren't many things that can be sweet and sweet in this color. It's toned down like
this, so I really like it.
Scan
Bomb Type 2 9 5 Defen This is a really steamed
item. You have certified that this is also a real one.
Lips are very
difficult Because it is difficult and can clump together, so I apply it
on my lips and it
lasts for a long time. Why
does this one give it?  No matter
which patent or
color I splatter, it is the color that
can last for a long time.  It's
okay to have a mat for 1 month. Oh,
this is just cold. Oh, it's a good
PS3. It's
perfect. You'll
show me.  There
's another uh I've
changed several times to buy, but this
is what it is. There are three colors, but what is it? What is this?
Because it is mixed and used, the
color is very pretty. Ah, de
bang. The way she uses the local tax is so
artist-like. Ah, the
color
development is
very good.
4 Would you like to come
but I'll see this safety for a big $1,000
No Moo pretty Oh my God I didn't
go to the cam I want to know  I
changed the look of all of them because I had to lay one layer and one appliance at the shopping mall, but
this is the reason why I can't push it again.
Lastly, my mascara is mascara, but
there are two types. This is
a mascara that is thicker with water. Well, now it
's
humid, and it's like this. Instead
of a mask that doesn't come off well, you
have to use a removable mask that hangs on it. So, you
can use a Roman iodine mask.  It
's known that it's easy to use, but I
like it a bit. I'll be back. I
use it a
lot. I used it a lot as a shadow in mahogany color, but this live is
very pretty, and it's all
drawn softly, but it's slightly sharpened and
natural like Hye-tong, so I
keep picking it.  There is something 2 In
what way is this new? It's
been cut like this so that it can be sharpened.
Yes, and
it would be nice if people could use it at that guard post. That's right.
Growth questions 1.  I
heard the introduction of 8 nail items. If you have any
questions, please leave a comment and
we'll see you again bye
[Music]
Ahoh
